well here we are getting sass which is the exciting thing about it is we get a chance in media row.
To meet some of those amazing people, and the guest right now is not one of them.
I'm just kidding hate this guy
It's my love language, which is insult. This is Jeffrey Serafin.
He's more than a friend. We actually consider him part of the family. He was in my son's wedding.
But I have to tell you,
Jeffrey works for turning point USA. He's based out of Nashville.
When we did America Fest, all of the country bands and all the...
I guess the entertainment in his book.
It was his deal. You're 23 years young. That's right. Hard to imagine that at 23, you're 23 years old.
ah he he knows everybody you know the six degrees of separation with him is one he knows everybody.
And Jeffrey is here helping out with student action summit. He is an integral part of turning point USA and
and tell us of all the events you've attended.
What do you think about this? I think the energy, personally, is really high. Yeah, energy is spectacular.
You get 5 000 young kids in a room under 25 years old and see them all getting up there that's exactly right i'm 125 i'm up there dancing too yeah but uh you look like
You love to see it. I mean, it just gives you hope. And what's so special about all of this is that a year and a half ago, I started a chapter myself. That's how I got involved. Yeah.
High school or college? College. All right. I was 23. I didn't run in high school last year. Shut up. I'm old and I forget. Older. 39. Now, let's figure this out.
Give this out.
What got you into
The national entertainment scene that you have the ability to get the bands that you've got? Yeah.
23, how did you do all that? I mean, I met your family. You have a precious family. I mean, you basically have your own basketball team and kids. Your mom and dad are prolific. But they're amazing.
They're amazing parents. Yes. We had, Shelma had a chance to spend time in your home. I have to just say, your mom and dad are remarkable and all your siblings. I don't know what went wrong with you. Again, love language.
No, you're precious, bro.
And you're the oldest of that entire. Yeah, oldest of six. Yeah, oldest of six. That's probably out of everything that I do in my entire life. I take that responsibility the most serious. You do a good job. And you
And you do it with joy. Yes.
How did Junior 23 get to know all these acts? Well, I think, well, I got placed into a Bible study with a big act to, we'll leave them nameless, right?
I got a place to do a Bible study with them. And once you know one, you know them all. Here's when I...
That's right.
Tell people a lot, though.
So many of you hear these people, they put their pants on the same way as everybody else.
And you go and you sit down with them and they're just good people.
I think that you know with the work i do for turning point and the work that i do with some of these artists i think you can go on a 45 meeting minute meeting and if you ask somebody for a picture at the end of it they know why you were there in the
You were there in the first place. You treat them as people, and they're friendship. And everything that I do is guided by my faith. And every room that I'm in, I try to share a little bit of my love and my...
of my faith and I think that I have some favor with people that are from a worldly perspective in that realm I have some favor there.
Yeah, I love what you said about the photograph because in the green room, whenever we have like James O'Keefe who's speaking today, he would have spoken to our church whenever we have Charlie come. Anyone who comes and speaks at our church,
at our church, and they come into the green room or anything like that. Anyone who's on staff, anyone who's working, I just tell them, don't ask for a photo. These guys get that day in and day out. When they come in here, let them relax.
Don't relax and just be themselves. That's exactly right. It diminishes your mission. Yeah, they're a public figure. They get no downtime. Exactly right. And everybody wants something from them. That's exactly right. And our job is to...
I'm a little bit of a fan of the club, but I'm a little bit of a fan of the club. I'm a little bit of a fan of the club.
I think that I've been placed in the root rooms at 23 years old that quite honestly I have no business being in. But like I said, I have some favor enough from the warden every time I go out.
I'm going to leave a room, and when I'm with somebody, I try to leave a little bit of
Now, tell everybody how we got connected. I mean, you know my son. And then he ended up at the wedding. I'm this guy weasels way in.
I was unbelievable. Yeah, Rob's quite the dancer, in case you all didn't know. But we, so we got connected. I mean, Mikey invited me out to his event.
He was a great party.
And I was coming in and I was flying out the next morning.
And met you for the first time that night. We danced in dinosaur suits. And then you said, what are you doing?
Tomorrow, and as an implied homicide here, come home with me for a couple days. We got to go spend time with you and Michelle, and...
Just a beautiful time cherish that time soon we
Michelle and I invited you because we were delighted.
To see your character and the way you interacted with Mikey.
And I just have to say, Jeffrey,
When you were describing your family, I thought it was too good to be true. But then when we were invited to come and be at your home,
Man, every word's true.
You know, that's...
That's a remarkable legacy. And Michelle and I saw it in you, and we enjoyed having you at the house. It's just a... All right, last thing. Okay. I don't want to just keep talking nice things about you. I want to get, you know...
You know, really serious in the interview. And we'll leave it with this because how long have you been working with Turning Point? Just over a year now. All right.
The thing you like the most and the thing you don't like.
And don't, I want you to be honest, don't go give me some fluff. Come on. Yeah. Uh, thing I love the most about Turning Point,
the people. I love talking with whether it's an investor, whether it's a student, whether it's somebody on staff.
I'm a relationship guy i can sit there and talk to a brick wall so anytime i get to meet somebody new and and just and that's a common objective so everybody's in exactly right so you're looking at
I'd say my least favorite part is
Yeah, I'd say no sleep. And then last night, I got out of the pleasure. I got moved from the...
One of the nicer hotels for the Warsaw Talk is an investor named one. Oh, you went from the rich to the pits. That's exactly right, the rich to the pits. And it was about 3.30 in the morning, not just 10.
Uh...
Somebody had a dance party on the floor on top of me so
That got quite annoying. Next time call me and I'll let you sleep in the hallway. Yeah, that's perfect. Yeah, we'll, we'll, uh, I'll press on your couch. I'll show you what.
Well, Jeffrey Sarabin, this is a perfect picture of...
of a committed turning point employee. They're all in.
and ah they believe in what they're doing and the students see it.
And they're servants. They don't do this for the money because Turning Point doesn't.
It's not a bad company, but they'll be great. I'm not in it for the paycheck. You're not going to get super rich. It is the common goal and the common cause. Exactly right.
Just a cherished brother. I adore this man. And there you go, Jeffrey Servis. Thanks, man. Thank you. Bless you. Bless you.